GAL
Hello dear viewers my name is Michel Schneider I am the
Center manager of the park, too, that is driving himself
and we are here today at the third episode of Mr. Schneider discovers that
Paunsdorf Center new
As you can easily see, I'm a bit deeper here than last time
namely exactly three meters and I am here in a new to
creating escape tunnel we on the surface of the former Wöll
Install the textile house, so to speak
you can see so much Mittal reason because end and support and what also
But always what exactly happens here that must now explain it to a professional and
I can just see Mr Horst there
Perutz comes over quickly
Halle Ost Mr. Horst is the project manager of Lena
Expansion responsible and eighth, the owner and second colleagues of the Lord
Schmucker
the jewelry ash Gutach Hello
Nine gazes of the hairdressing drawing board are headed by percent floor and is for
responsible for the shell and I have exactly the right experts there
can you tell me what the animals are exactly like?
because that's her fleet
and we will assure ourselves
the return flight whistles or the next shock Iran want it
the miller dares
So they become Tigers, it's the formwork and that's what the specialist is
The smuggling there should recognize that telling exactly the ship replaced
I'm curious
the jewelry was trichet she will like the percent the formwork of the percent
new aircraft countries
on the page is the 16-year-old Russian one calls that because we like her
directly into the wall of the old escape tunnel percent against the ten
Years are also this
for a few percent
Enlarge switched support required on the wall is already
Finished the help of the man to mind could be a damage if you two
Places happened Long
and then different from the conceptual one
How much he has been dug up here is something like that
So appreciate that because they are exactly the umpire
the workspace just as a thousand comes and Markovic in the earth are here
Wortmann with small implements has been transported under everything
now again air over remains open VERBIO will be backfilled if
everything as planned
just so the elections could be chairman time should know
I'm looking forward to it
that was super interesting because Gesche both have already and me
I would go out into the dark now where the escape and all so
lead
yes, now I've already gone a few meters further I am
now here in the already completed part of an escape tunnel you can see
their escapes mark that's Welte if you happen something
should one go the direction
and the escape tunnel son are secretly important is of course very clear
Pauli security pads a shopping center like the Panzer Sender
Roger has an average of around 30 thousand people to visit as it has to be easy
all votes in case of cases
and i'm trying to somehow come out now i was episode
Escape route mark times look where I land now
so now I'm here at the exit it escape tunnel has arrived
and how I had to find a very different place than Doro Grebe
But that's the way it is
where it is best to get lost so come back to the
country road
and it's also raining a bit warmer blur Zan so at it
that Dante is